DOC-2728: Documentation Enhancement: Comments callback. (#3860)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/commands/comments-cmds.adoc

|Command |Description
|tc-delete-conversation-at-cursor |Attempts to delete the comment at the current cursor position. A confirmation dialog will be shown prior to deletion.
|tc-try-delete-all-conversations |Attempts to delete all comments in the editor. A confirmation dialog will be shown prior to deletion.

> |ToggleSidebar |Toggles the comments sidebar open or closed. When used with the 'showcomments' parameter, specifically controls the comments sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ToggleSidebar |Toggles the specified sidebar open or closed. When used with the 'showcomments' parameter, this opens the comments sidebar.
```
This command is for all sidebars, not just comments. It's defined in core and only used in comments cos thats the only sidebar we have made so far.
